---
layout: post
title: The Bespectacled Girl
description: The Bespectacled Girl
comments: true
keywords: "friendship"
cover: /assets/images/yinyang.png
---

As I sung out loud in my hoarse voice, I realised that this was the first time I have ever felt comfortable singing in front of a person who did not live in my house.
I met her when I was 17. The Bespectacled girl with the braided pigtails. She was threatening a class mate of mine to sing for her. And somehow accidentally or by fate, I became next on her list. And that turned out to be one of the best and longest relationships I have had in my life with another girl. She always had a way of making me feel special and better than I thought I was.

In my insignificant, invisible existence as a school boy, the attention she gave me actually made me think I was important, atleast to some people.

She is the first profound relationship I have had with the opposite gender. And all the relationships I have ever had after that has been based on what I knew from her.
And the best thing is no matter how long we haven’t talked to each other, the familiarity never seemed to wear off. Our conversations always start off from where we left off a few years/months ago and I love that.

Now she is about to take the next step in her life. I am feeling happy and sad at the same time.
Happy that she found someone she can spend the rest of her life with.
Sad that because of all her new responsibilities, it is quite easy to drift away.

I wish the very best of the worlds for her and I love her very very deeply and she will always have
a large chunk of space in my heart.

